README.md, before:

# Verasonics Phantom Sequences
Verasonics sequences that work with the C5-2 and upgraded backplane hardware
for software versions >= 3.0.6.

This sequence has been specifically tested with software version 3.0.6 and
3.2.1 using a Philips C5-2 transducer.

User should edit the first few parameters in `SetUpC5_2Shear_wave_MTL.m`,
including the `filedir` path where data will be saved.

An overview of setting up and modifying Verasonics sequences, including the
background for these specific sequences, can be found here:
https://doi.org/10.1109/TUFFC.2016.2614944

# Processing Code
All of the processing code is located in the `processing_code/` directory.
`AnalyzeAllAcquisitions.m` is the main script that will process all of the
Verasonics-generated data in the `CWD`.

The analysis code will take about 10 minutes, and then the figure with group
SWSs and phase velocities should appear.  Plus a lot of intermediate files will
be generated.

# LICENSE
See `LICENSE.txt`.

# Contributors
* David Bradway, Ph.D.
* Derek Chan
* Yufeng Deng, Ph.D.
* Mark Palmeri, M.D., Ph.D.
* Ned Rouze, Ph.D.
* Matthew Urban, Ph.D.

Commit message:

add URL to download test data

README.md, after:

# Verasonics Phantom Sequences
Verasonics sequences that work with the C5-2 and upgraded backplane hardware
for software versions >= 3.0.6.

This sequence has been specifically tested with software version 3.0.6 and
3.2.1 using a Philips C5-2 transducer.

User should edit the first few parameters in `SetUpC5_2Shear_wave_MTL.m`,
including the `filedir` path where data will be saved.

An overview of setting up and modifying Verasonics sequences, including the
background for these specific sequences, can be found here:
https://doi.org/10.1109/TUFFC.2016.2614944

# Processing Code
All of the processing code is located in the `processing_code/` directory.
`AnalyzeAllAcquisitions.m` is the main script that will process all of the
Verasonics-generated data in the `CWD`.

Test data can be downloaded from Duke Box:
https://duke.box.com/s/6fcndor1s6i8x67ax54zlfmfdhbiq8m4 

The analysis of these data will take about 10 minutes, and then the figure with
group SWSs and phase velocities should appear.  Plus a lot of intermediate
files will be generated.

# LICENSE
See `LICENSE.txt`.

# Contributors
* David Bradway, Ph.D.
* Derek Chan
* Yufeng Deng, Ph.D.
* Mark Palmeri, M.D., Ph.D.
* Ned Rouze, Ph.D.
* Matthew Urban, Ph.D.
